hello boys and girls of all ages
let the Steve is out fishing somewhere
in Randolph County North Carolina and he
wants to show you something historic now
there's the modern bridge
it's got timber footing planks on the
steel span uncle Steve doesn't know what
year this was put in and the pilings so
to speak the struts are telephone pole
type of lumber and if you look up there
you can see where the bed the roadbed to
is way up there but that's modern
although it's probably more than 50
years old uncle Steve thinks it's a lot
older than even that you notice the
concrete pier over here
and the concrete pier here but what's
this this is the historic part what's
that
that's a modern quote-unquote surely
more than 50 years old concrete here and
this is rocks slabs of the regular shape
piled together and held by not concrete
but probably mortar
I'll just people make the distinction
doc not that he's being too scientific
so there's the other pier modern and
then if you look right there the Steve's
finger is pointing right on it right
there in the bushes you see it it's more
of this do you see it now where we are
is that back here you can't see it back
in there was a mill in post-colonial
times or colonial times now going back
almost two of the united states
revolution in breaking free from Great
Britain and the Raceway came out it's
just on the other side of this
vegetation and it came out right there
and undoubtedly in colonial times this
was a road that came across here on a
low bridge and because of the creek it
also was a mill for grinding grain so of
the sieve is almost absolutely certain
that that is a very old bridge pier and
that is a very old bridge pier and these
are the modern replacements that's what
up to speed want to show you and now
he's going to go back to fishing our
eels
you